feat(docs): edge functions JWT Signing Keys guide (#41444)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/functions/auth.mdx

</Admonition>

## Verifying JWT

### Using Supabase template

We've prepared some [JWT verification](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/custom-jwt-validation) templates, that can be found [here](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/_shared/jwt).

In order to simple verify incoming requests you can download the specified template and start to using it:

```bash
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/supabase/supabase/refs/heads/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/_shared/jwt/default.ts
```

```ts
import { AuthMiddleware } from '../_shared/jwt/default.ts'

Deno.serve((r) =>
  AuthMiddleware(r, async (req) => {
    const { name } = await req.json()

    return Response.json({ message: `hello ${name}` })
  })
)
```

### Integrating with Supabase Auth

You can also use the Supabase Auth to verify users

```ts
import 'jsr:@supabase/functions-js/edge-runtime.d.ts'
import { createClient } from 'npm:@supabase/supabase-js@2'

const supabase = createClient(
  Deno.env.get('SUPABASE_URL')!,
  Deno.env.get('SUPABASE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY')!

> )

Reviewer: And we have the *apps/docs/content/_partials/api_settings.mdx* partial that we've been using to explain the changes and process.

If these pages are to go live soon, then we should probably use the old ones as they are and maybe use an amended version of the partial to explain that functions haven't made the change yet, then update to add the new ones and the migration partial afterwards.

---
id: 'auth'
title: 'Securing Edge Functions'
description: 'Supabase Edge Functions and Auth.'
subtitle: 'Best practices on securing Edge Functions'
---

<Admonition type="note">

In the past Supabase Auth used a **symmetric** secret to sign legacy JWTs.
But it was replaced by the new [JWT Signing Keys](/blog/jwt-signing-keys#start-using-asymmetric-jwts-today), in this guide we'll walk through the new patterns for securing your Edge Functions.

If you still need to validate using the old method, check the [Legacy JWT Secret](/docs/guides/functions/auth-legacy-jwt) guide

</Admonition>

> Before continuing check the comprehensive guide on [JWT Signing Keys](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys) for all the details about the main differences compared to Legacy JWTs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before continuing, read the [JWT Signing Keys guide](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys) for details about the main differences compared to Legacy JWTs.
```

## Overview

> When an HTTP request is sent to Edge Functions we can leverage Supabase Auth to secure our endpoints. In the past, this verification was controlled by the [`verify_jwt` flag](/docs/guides/functions/function-configuration#skipping-authorization-checks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an HTTP request is sent to Edge Functions, you can use Supabase Auth to secure endpoints. In the past, this verification was controlled by the [`verify_jwt` flag](/docs/guides/functions/function-configuration#skipping-authorization-checks).
```

But unfortunately this method is incompatible with the new [JWT Signing Keys](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys) and also caused trouble when attempting [third-party integration](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/34988#discussion-8199151).

That's why we decided to no longer implicitly force JWT verification, but instead suggest patterns and templates to handle this task. This allows users to own and control the auth code, instead of hiding it internally under Edge Runtime infrastructure.

<Admonition type="warning">

Following the [Upcoming changes](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/29260) timetable, the `verify_jwt` flag will still be supported and enabled by default. To move to the new [JWT Signing Keys](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys), you need to manually [skip the authorization checks](/docs/guides/functions/function-configuration#skipping-authorization-checks) and follow the steps below.

</Admonition>

## Verifying JWT

### Using Supabase template

> We've prepared some [JWT verification](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/custom-jwt-validation) templates, that can be found [here](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/_shared/jwt).

Author: Sure! 
The first one is about the readme/example about custom jwt.

The second one is the folder with all templates.

It's supposed to users download templates on demand based on their auth needs, for example you can get the Clerk template if you're using third party oAuth or reference the default one if you're using Supa Auth instead.

> To simply verify incoming requests you can download the specified template and start using it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify incoming requests, you can download the specified template and start using it:
```

---
id: 'auth'
title: 'Securing Edge Functions'
description: 'Supabase Edge Functions and Auth.'
subtitle: 'Best practices on securing Edge Functions'
---

<Admonition type="note">

In the past Supabase Auth used a **symmetric** secret to sign legacy JWTs.

> But it was replaced by the new [JWT Signing Keys](/blog/jwt-signing-keys#start-using-asymmetric-jwts-today), this guide covers the new patterns for securing your Edge Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But it was replaced by new [JWT Signing Keys](/blog/jwt-signing-keys#start-using-asymmetric-jwts-today). This guide covers the new patterns for securing your Edge Functions.
```

If you need to validate using the old method, read the [Legacy JWT Secret](/docs/guides/functions/auth-legacy-jwt) guide

</Admonition>

Before continuing, read the [JWT Signing Keys guide](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys) for details about the main differences compared to Legacy JWTs.

## Overview

When an HTTP request is sent to Edge Functions, you can use Supabase Auth to secure endpoints. In the past, this verification was controlled by the [`verify_jwt` flag](/docs/guides/functions/function-configuration#skipping-authorization-checks).

But, this method is incompatible with the new [JWT Signing Keys](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys) and also caused trouble when attempting [third-party integration](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/34988#discussion-8199151).

For this reason we decided to no longer implicitly force JWT verification, but instead suggest patterns and templates to handle this task. This allows users to own and control the auth code, instead of hiding it internally under Edge Runtime infrastructure.

<Admonition type="warning">

> Following the [Upcoming changes](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/29260) timetable, the `verify_jwt` flag will still be supported and enabled by default. To move to the new [JWT Signing Keys](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys), you need to manually [skip the authorization checks](/docs/guides/functions/function-configuration#skipping-authorization-checks) and follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the [upcoming API key changes](https://github.com/orgs/supabase/discussions/29260) timetable, the `verify_jwt` flag will still be supported and enabled by default. To move to the new [JWT Signing Keys](/docs/guides/auth/signing-keys), you need to manually [skip the authorization checks](/docs/guides/functions/function-configuration#skipping-authorization-checks) and follow the steps below.
```

</Admonition>

## Verifying JWT

### Using Supabase template

You can see [a custom JWT verification example on GitHub](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/custom-jwt-validation) and a variety of [auth function templates](https://github.com/supabase/supabase/tree/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/_shared/jwt) also on GitHub.

To verify incoming requests, you can download the specified template and start using it:

```bash
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/supabase/supabase/refs/heads/master/examples/edge-functions/supabase/functions/_shared/jwt/default.ts
```

```ts
import { AuthMiddleware } from '../_shared/jwt/default.ts'

Deno.serve((r) =>
  AuthMiddleware(r, async (req) => {
    const { name } = await req.json()

    return Response.json({ message: `hello ${name}` })
  })
)
```

### Integrating with Supabase Auth

You can also use the Supabase Auth to verify users

<$Partial path="api_settings.mdx" variables={{ "framework": "", "tab": "" }} />

<Admonition type="caution">

>   Currently the new API keys are not available by default on Edge Functions environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the new API keys are not available by default on the Edge Functions environment.
```
